README.md, before:

# python_fundamentals
- Original Python seminar given at Fordham University on December 8th, 2018 (parts 1 and 3 stem from this session)
- A more basic seminar given on February 9th, 2019
- Advanced seminar given March 9th, 2019

**Instructor Bio**

Abe Lerman is the Lead Data Scientist for Contently, a SoHo-based technology company focused on corporate branding. He spent the prior year or so as a Python and Data Science Consultant in the Financial Services industry, contracting at Elliott Management and The Blackstone Group. Prior to that, he worked as a Data Scientist in the ad-tech space. He earned a Master of Science degree in Quantitative Finance from Fordham University, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics from Skidmore College.

**Note**

This will be a hands-on session - the students will benefit from trying to run the material we discuss. As such, students should come prepared, having downloaded and installed Python and the necessary libraries a priori (I can offer technical support as needed, but this is not the best use of time). The easiest way to do this is to go [here](https://www.anaconda.com/download/), and click the green "Download" button for Python 3.7. 

Note the above link leads to a download of the Anaconda Python distribution, which provides Python + a whole lot of third-party libraries and othertools. Students do not have to get Python this way - this just provides an all-in-one download. These notebooks can be run with the following installed:
- Python 3.6+
- `numpy`
- `pandas`
- `sklearn`
- `matplotlib`
- `ipython`
- `jupyter`
- `requests`

**Jupyter Keyboard Shorcuts**

To run a cell:

    shift + enter

To enter command mode:

    escape

The following commands must be run from command mode and operate at the cell level.

Copy, cut, paste cell:

    c, x, v

New cell above, below:

    a, b

Delete cell:

    dd

Convert cell to markdown:

    m

See all shortcuts:

    h

Commit message:

remove answers from basics notebooks

README.md, after:

# python_fundamentals
- Materials corresponding to a series of Python seminars given at Fordham University's Graduate School of Business.

**Instructor Bio**

Abe Lerman is the Lead Data Scientist for Contently, a SoHo-based technology company focused on corporate branding. He spent the prior year or so as a Python and Data Science Consultant in the Financial Services industry, contracting at Elliott Management and The Blackstone Group. Prior to that, he worked as a Data Scientist in the ad-tech space. He earned a Master of Science degree in Quantitative Finance from Fordham University, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in Mathematics from Skidmore College.

**Note**

This will be a hands-on session - the students will benefit from trying to run the material we discuss. As such, students should come prepared, having downloaded and installed Python and the necessary libraries a priori (I can offer technical support as needed, but this is not the best use of time). The easiest way to do this is to go [here](https://www.anaconda.com/download/), and click the green "Download" button for Python 3.7. 

Note the above link leads to a download of the Anaconda Python distribution, which provides Python + a whole lot of third-party libraries and othertools. Students do not have to get Python this way - this just provides an all-in-one download. These notebooks can be run with the following installed:
- Python 3.6+
- `numpy`
- `pandas`
- `sklearn`
- `matplotlib`
- `ipython`
- `jupyter`
- `requests`

**Jupyter Keyboard Shorcuts**

To run a cell:

    shift + enter

To enter command mode:

    escape

The following commands must be run from command mode and operate at the cell level.

Copy, cut, paste cell:

    c, x, v

New cell above, below:

    a, b

Delete cell:

    dd

Convert cell to markdown:

    m

See all shortcuts:

    h

**Get the Materials**

1. visit: https://github.com/lermana/indoorplants
2. click the green "Clone or download" button
3. click "Download ZIP"
4. extract the zip file to somewhere convenient, e.g. `/home/your_user_name/projects/python_fundamentals` (this should be a location _on your machine_, and not an external drive)

Then, if you are on _Windows_:
5. open `Anaconda Cmd`
6. navigate to the directory you've unpacked (use `cd` to change directories, `dir` to list contents of directory)
7. run `jupyter notebook`

If you are on _Mac_:
5. open `terminal`
6. navigate to the directory you've unpacked (use `cd` to change directories, `ls` to list contents of directory)
7. run `jupyter notebook`
